♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ Whenever there's a problem ♪
♪ 'Round Adventure Bay ♪
♪ Ryder and his team of pups ♪
♪ Will come and save the day ♪
♪ Marshall, Rubble, Chase, ♪
♪ Rocky, Zuma, Skye ♪
♪ Yeah, they're on the way ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whenever you're in trouble ♪
♪ We'll be there on the double ♪
♪ No job's too big
No pup's too small ♪
♪ PAW Patrol, we're on a roll! ♪
♪ So here we go, PAW Patrol ♪
♪ Whoa-oh-oh ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Whoa-oh-oh-oh ♪
♪ PAW Patrol ♪
[barks]
[Marshall] "Pup's Great Race."
[grunts]
There. [chuckles]
[barks]
The Adventure Bay Road Race
is going to be so much fun.
[laughs] And it's a great way to test
your PAW Patrol driving skills.
[Chase barks]
We can't start until I get
all my cones set up. [whimpers]
I need more cones.
[panting]
[barks]
I'm first.
Just barely.
[laughs] It doesn't matter who wins.
The race is for fun.
Ryder's right. Race you back to get more?
Oh, you're on.
-[both bark]
-[laughs]
[laughs]
Almost ready for my airborne view.
Oh my, Ryder, aren't you coming?
I'll watch the finish line, Mayor.
Don't worry. The balloon is
safely tethered to the ground.
Oh, I'm not worried,
as long you tied the line
extra, extra tight.
Oh!
We do have a great view of the course
from up here, don't we, Chickaletta?
[clucks]
More cones! I need more cones!
Marshall zooms to the front
and wins the race!
The crowd goes wild! Whoo-hoo!
Sorry, dude. I'll be zooming past you.
My name is Zuma, after all. [laughs]
[all laugh]
Skye is gonna win.
She can just fly up and take a shortcut.
No, I can't.
I have to follow the course
just like all you pups.
[beeping]
[Ryder] PAW Patrol, to the Lookout!
[all] Ryder needs us!
Come on!
[barks]
[all barking]
Whoa!
[thuds]
I'm okay.
Wait for me!
Here I come!
Back up, pups.
[all grunt]
[all] Whoa!
[chuckles] I win.
[all laugh]
[elevator bell dings]
Ready for action, Ryder, sir!
[beeps]
I called you so we could
review the race course.
The race starts at city hall.
It goes around Mr. Porter's restaurant,
up to Jake's Mountain,
then past the Lookout, over the bridge,
and across the finish line at city hall.
What a race!
[all cheer]
Good luck. And may the fastest pup win.
That's me.
-No, I am.
-Yay!
I need more cones.
I'm going to win this race
fair and square.
Okay, PAW Patrol, you're on a roll.
-[all barking]
-Whoo-hoo!
-♪ PAW Patrol ♪
-♪ Go, go ♪
-Whoa! Whoa!
-[all bark]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Marshall! ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Rubble! ♪
-[barks]
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ Go, go, go, go, go, go ♪
-♪ PAW Patrol, PAW Patrol ♪
[tires squeal]
[sirens blaring]
[tires screech]
[horn honks]
Attention, racers!
On your mark…
get set…
[engines rev]
Wait! Wait for me!
Can I race too?
Sorry, Alex.
But your trike is no match
for our super fast trucks.
Pups, don't forget this race
is just for fun.
It doesn't matter if you win or lose.
Go for it, Alex.
Thanks, Ryder!
Okay, racers, on your mark,
get set…
[clucks]
…go!
[tires squeal]
-And the race is underway!
-Whoo!
[applause]
[chuckles]
And Zuma takes the lead! [laughs]
Chase is on the case!
He's gonna win this race!
-[laughs]
-[horn honks]
Marshall's in it to win it. Whoa!
Look out!
Whoa!
Ew.
Mmm, delicious.
Oh my, it's melon madness down there!
[clucks]
Yes, Chickaletta, you can have a snack.
Watermelon break is over.
The racers are back on course.
[tires squeal]
Wow, it looks like Rubble's in the lead.
Here comes Rubble, on the--
[laughs]
Huh?
Whoa, sorry, dudes.
These cones are totally in the way.
-I'll move them so you can get through.
-Whoo-hoo!
Those are supposed to keep us
from going down the hill.
-Look out!
-Ah!
Ah!
Whoa! Awesome!
[horn honks]
Sorry. I'm a little off course.
Whee!
Took a wrong turn, just passing through.
We're really moving!
This trail's a little bumpy!
Wow, too many trees!
The racers have hit
a mountain of trouble, folks:
Jake's Mountain.
[clucks]
Now Zuma is in the lead.
[tires squeal]
[Ryder] Go, pups, go!
[Goodway] This race is a real claw-biter!
Marshall's in front
as they race past the Lookout!
-Bath time, Cali.
-[snarls]
Cali!
Uh-oh. Whoa!
[meows]
-Whoa!
-[woman screams]
[tires squeal]
Whoa! Whoa!
Back in front! Yes!
Out of the way!
Huh?
Alex, you're going the wrong way.
Wait. I'm going the wrong way.
Uh-oh. What happened?
[tires squeal]
Looks like Marshall's back on track.
[barks] Megaphone!
Attention, road hazard!
[tires squeal]
[all] Whoa!
Wow, look at all the bubbles. Bye.
Our racers are headed
for the finish line. Oh my!
What an exciting race!
Ah, ah, ah!
Help!
Oh no!
[beeps]
Skye, the Mayor's balloon is loose! Hurry!
On my way!
-[beeps]
-Pups, meet us at the soccer field.
[all] Ryder needs us!
-[tires squeal]
-[barks]
Race you to the soccer field!
[tires squeal]
Hey, where'd everybody go?
There's the finish line.
[cheering]
All set.
Hang on, Mayor!
This pup's got to fly!
Thanks, Skye.
Hi, Mayor Goodway.
-Oh, Ryder, thank you.
-[clucks]
Okay, pups, we're coming in for a landing
at the soccer field.
Grab a rope and pull.
[both bark]
Please get us down safely!
Please, please, please!
Mayor Goodway, we're safe on the ground.
Oh, right.
Chickaletta, we're safe!
[snoring]
[laughs]
Now, get back in the race, pups!
It's not over yet!
You better hurry, pups.
Alex is headed for the finish line.
[all gasp]
[all cheer]
[cheering]
[horn honks]
[gasps]
Tight race!
[camera clicks]
Wow.
Who won? Who won?
I took a finish line photo. Look.
And the winner is Alex!
I did it!
I really won!
Way to go, Alex.
[cheering]
Alex, you did it!
Great job!
Thanks, Grandpa.
Looks like slow and steady won the race.
But you're all winners today.
[all laugh]
-What a bunch of good pups.
-[all cheering]
Way to go, guys! Hooray!
[theme song playing]